Syntax:
i                   => current player
i+#                 => next player in # turns
i-*                 => any previous player
(non-)playable card => card that can (not) be put onto a fireworks pile on the current turn

For strategy x assume situation in all strategies 0...x-1 are not true

Strategy 0 : If there are no cards played and i has a card with rank 1 in hand and it knows that it has a card with rank 1 in hand, play that card.
Strategy 1a: If i has a playable card in hand and it knows that it has a playable card in hand, play that card.
Strategy 1b: If i has a card in hand that has already been played and it knows that card, discard that card.
Strategy 2a: If there is an available hint token and i+1 has a non-playable rainbow card in hand and it knows that this is a playable card, give a hint about the suit that is not the suit of that card (according to i+1's knowledge).
Strategy 3a: If there is an available hint token i+1 has a playable card in hand and it does not know that it has a playable card in hand but knows the suit of the playable card, give hint about the rank of the playable card.
Strategy 3b: If there is an available hint token i+1 has a playable card in hand and it does not know that it has a playable card in hand but knows the rank of the playable card, give hint about the suit of the playable card.
Strategy 4 : If there is an available hint token i+2 has a playable card in hand and it does not know that it has a playable card in hand and does not know the rank or suit of the card, give a hint about either the suit or rank of the card.
Strategy 5 : If i has a non-playable card with suit x and rank y and it knows that this is not the only card with suit x and rank y in the game, discard that card.

Special knowledge updates w.r.t. rainbow cards:
Update 1: If i-* hints a suit of a card and another i-* hints a different suit of that same card, that card is a rainbow card.
Update 2: If i knows about a card with suit x and rank y and it knows that this is the only card with suit x and rank y in the game and a card with suit x and rank y is played or discarded, that card in hand must be a rainbow card.